Add Project Governance (#479)
bpfd-dev/bpfd: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing Guide

* [New Contributor Guide](#contributing-guide)
  * [Ways to Contribute](#ways-to-contribute)
  * [Find an Issue](#find-an-issue)
  * [Ask for Help](#ask-for-help)
  * [Pull Request Lifecycle](#pull-request-lifecycle)
  * [Development Environment Setup](#development-environment-setup)
  * [Signoff Your Commits](#signoff-your-commits)
  * [Pull Request Checklist](#pull-request-checklist)

Welcome! We are glad that you want to contribute to our project! 💖

As you get started, you are in the best position to give us feedback on areas of
our project that we need help with including:

* Problems found during setting up a new developer environment
* Gaps in our Quickstart Guide or documentation
* Bugs in our automation scripts

If anything doesn't make sense, or doesn't work when you run it, please open a
bug report and let us know!

## Ways to Contribute

We welcome many different types of contributions including:

* New features
* Builds, CI/CD
* Bug fixes
* Documentation
* Issue Triage
* Answering questions on Slack/Mailing List
* Web design
* Communications / Social Media / Blog Posts
* Release management

> Not everything happens through a GitHub pull request. Please come to our
> [meetings](TODO) or [contact us](TODO) and let's discuss how we can work
> together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not everything happens through a GitHub pull request. Please come to our
[meetings](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17l96_3NMOQS-1a3gfJPPcTnhTrqJb3KWYxFWbRgD-yk/edit?usp=sharing) or [contact us](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C04UJBW2553) and let's discuss how we can work
together.
```

Reviewer 2: We may want to link to MEETINGS.md here instead of the google doc.

If you forgot to do this and have not yet pushed your changes to the remote
repository, you can amend your commit with the sign-off by running

    git commit --amend -s 

## Logical Grouping of Commits

It is a recommended best practice to keep your changes as logically grouped as
possible within individual commits. If while you're developing you prefer doing
a number of commits that are "checkpoints" and don't represent a single logical
change, please squash those together before asking for a review.
When addressing review comments, please perform an interactive rebase and edit commits directly rather than adding new commits with messages like "Fix review comments".

## Commit message guidelines

A good commit message should describe what changed and why.

1. The first line should:
  
* contain a short description of the change (preferably 50 characters or less,
    and no more than 72 characters)
* be entirely in lowercase with the exception of proper nouns, acronyms, and
    the words that refer to code, like function/variable names
* be prefixed with the name of the sub crate being changed

  Examples:

* bpfd: validate program section names

> * bpf: add dispatcher program test slot

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * bpf: add dispatcher program test slot
```

Refs: #453, #154
```

## Pull Request Checklist

When you submit your pull request, or you push new commits to it, our automated
systems will run some checks on your new code. We require that your pull request
passes these checks, but we also have more criteria than just that before we can
accept and merge it. We recommend that you check the following things locally
before you submit your code:

* That Rust code has been formatted with `cargo +nightly fmt` and that all clippy lints have been fixed - you can find failing lints with `cargo +nightly clippy`
* That Go code has been formatted and linted
* That unit tests are passing locally with `cargo test`

> * That integration tests are passing locally

Reviewer 3: Add integration test command
